{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Since my english is limited, I will start with answering the basic wh questions.\
\
#1. Who?  BNPB - AusAID - World Bank\
#2. Where? Indonesia\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 Indonesia experiences a wide range of natural hazards because it is located along major tectonic plate boundaries. It is along these boundaries that the biggest volcanoes and earthquakes happen, including those that cause tsunamis such as the one that devastated many countries in Asia in December 2004.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}The ASEAN Regional Forum\'92s Disaster Relief Exercise in Manado.
\fs30 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}The Indonesian National Disaster Exercise in Maumere.
\fs30 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}Flood Contingency Planning in Jakarta.
\fs30 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
#3. Why?\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 BNPB has identified a priority need to improve its methodology for contingency planning with an emphasis on the use of realistic disaster scenarios as the starting point for this new, comprehensive process. BNPB has been working with AIFDR and the World Bank on a methodology and associated software tools for developing realistic disaster scenarios for contingency planning. 	
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
#5. What? InaSAFE\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 Software tool that integrates hazard and exposure data to estimate a range of impacts of a possible disaster scenario, including:
\f0\fs24 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\qj
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}number of people likely to need emergency shelter;\
{\listtext	\'95	}amount of food, water, sanitation, etc required in line with BNPB\'92s PERKA no. 7/2008;\
{\listtext	\'95	}number of schools and hospitals likely to be severely impacted (as defined by BNPB\'92s PERKA no. 2/2012); and\
{\listtext	\'95	}roads that will be temporarily closed.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
#6. How?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}be easy to use
\fs30 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}allow results to be reproduced
\fs30 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}ensure consistency across different locations and scenarios
\fs30 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\fs32 {\listtext	\'95	}provide a platform for near real time impact estimates such as predicted fatalities based on earthquake ground shaking.
\fs30 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls4\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}InaSAFE is Free and Open Source licensed with GPL v3\
}